.\" Manpage for gnome-background.
.TH man 8 "15 August 2023" "1.0" "Install gnome background man page"

.SH NAME
gnome-backgrounds \- Create gnome background slide show.

.SH SYNOPSIS
sh gnome-backgrounds.sh [option] [source] [option] [output]

.SH DESCRIPTION
These shell scripts helps to create gnome background slide show that you can apply from your appearence. The default timing for a slide is one hour and it takes two seconds to change the slide. You can create multiple slide show using these scripts with different name.

.SH OPTIONS
.SS -q:
Query the existing slideshows.
.nf
[Usage]
sh gnome-backgrounds.sh -q
[ Note: Don't use any other options with -q ]
.SS -d:
Copy the images from the given location to the destination.
.nf
[Usage]
sh gnome-backgrounds.sh -d /home/user/Picture
.SS -o:
Create directory of the given name to the destination for the slide show components.
.nf
[Usage]
sh gnome-backgrounds.sh -o nature

.SH EXAMPLE:
.SS [1]
.nf
sh gnome-backgrounds.sh -o nature -d /home/user/Picture
[ It will create a 'nature' directory in the destination and copy images from '/home/user/Picture' location to 'nature' ]
.SS [2]
.nf
sh gnome-backgrounds.sh -d /home/user/Picture
[ It will copy images from '/home/user/Picture' directory to destination directory created using default name  backgrounds ]
.SS [3]
.nf
sh gnome-backgrounds.sh -o animal
[ It will create directory animal in destination and copy images from the existing 'Images' directory on the current location. ]
.SS [4]
.nf
sh gnome-backgrounds.sh
[ It will create directory with default name 'backgrounds' and copy images from 'Images' directory on the current location to destination. ]

.SH AUTHOR
Suman Mandal
